Ok I promise you
But it's nice to see you
I dare to beg you today
Hongong God
I want your life
Are you still ready
Kneel and kowtow for me
This is
What a pity!
Master Wang
What do you mean by that?
Is this real or not?
Didn't you say
Real stuff can be pulled out of plastic bags
Master Feng shook his head
Your shitty Heart of the Deep is fake
Who told you this Heart of the Deep was fake?
It's not fake, what are you doing just shaking your head?
What a pity
I say it's a pity, it's a pity
Because I can't design it in my life
A jewel that can surpass the heart of the deep sea?
cannot
How can true feelings be in the hands of such a scumbag?
I dare to bet my life
This string of deep sea stars is real